Yes, that's your pass for the Navy and the other force.
That's right.
I'm not by that.
Not really.
No, so I'm talking about the charge that you made again, touch.
The second part of that paragraph, where you said, the issue raised by Senator Potter's
letter as the letter undue informed with you by Senator McCarthy in his face was saying
something that's a statement before I was telling you.
You said that to him.
Yes.
The issue was raised by Senator Potter's letter.
That was one of the letters that was raised in.
That happened to bring the thing pretty much to a head because this thing had been going
on for many weeks and when Senator Potter's letter was directed, the secretary of defense
came in and it's that he reached that error point when the thing just got to reach
behind him.
Mr. Secretary, when I included my last thing in the period around this particular source
and I wondered if you were talking to him when you said it was a matter of a set it
up by some of the Potter's stirring all true.
That's what I think we all agree to to ramp up the rising of the fraction of his Potter's
letter of a star's relief.
Now, at the time you were discussing that on the road, did you then know that a member
of the executive others in front of him had come back to Senator Potter and suggested to
him that he write that letter?
Did not know that, then?
And don't know it now.
Have you ever heard of that someone from the executive who knew about the meeting with
21st of January?
knew that the suggestion of mayor there of the charges, the formalized and writing, then
gotten press of Senator Potter and said, what's your right to?
The Pentagon asked if the charges were at least, did you know that?
First time I ever heard of that was this morning.
But you know what now, don't you?
I do not know.
You heard Senator Potter said to your first time in the year on the language that Senator Potter
used.
If you have a little reflect my memory on us, that was the first indication that I had of.
Well, you know the Senator Potter said he did get a cross from someone from the executive?
I say I didn't hear all of what Senator Potter said.
And did you hear it mature well?
I want you to refresh the Secretary's recollection.
This is rather important.
We have a sequence of the events you are right to trust you about.
But what's the important thing Senator that I never heard of it until it's mine?
No.
Do you have anything you've heard that didn't hear of it, Mr. Secretary?
We are concerned here with who is together.
They charge us which resulted in the complete wrecking of the committee's normal function,
and tied us up on this work for a week.
We have here a statement to the press to the effect that the other decisions were made solely by the Army.
The decisions are in act.
We have Mr. Adams, the testimony of the effect of the decision to make the charge of formal,
and come and see the subject of the right of that of a justice department meeting,
to quite a tough personnel letter.
I don't agree now.
What's the next?
We now know that the letter.
So she said, head it up to the matter.
In effect, for us to finally put out the charge for the instigated by someone from the executive,
we thought information you still want to send by your statements that were recorded.
We used to make it perfectly perfect between the decisions on the act,
and the part of the Army concerning the controversy,
presently being heard by the Senate front committee, where the decisions and the act
so that the Department of the Army alone, I do, I stand squarely on that.
And you want to say that no one else can anything to do with it?
I have explained to you the discussions and the comments.
Well, just to let me make a chemical announcement.
You said that no one except the Department of the Army had anything to do with the making of these decisions for the act.
I explained to you, Senator McCarty, just how the decision which is made,
and a lot of decisions are made in the executive branch of the government or in the operation of a business.
I would work, doesn't people have got to gather and discuss matters?
Mr. President, there is no written order issue.
Mr. Featham, I am getting awfully weary of this attempt to get a few simple facts from you
that are fulfilling teeth.
We've sent just a vast amount of time here trying to get answers from simple questions.
I have frankly given up trying to get you to tell us whether or not you wish you the order,
because your testimony is so trying to dictate, I can't reconcile.
I'm now on another question.
Question is this.
You made a statement this morning under rules.
You said I wish to make it perfectly planned, but the decisions and the acts on the part of the Army concerning the controversy
are closely being heard by the Senate subcommittee where the decisions and the acts of the Department of the Army are wrong.
Now, do you still stand by that paper?
I do.
Do you, do you say that John Adams was not telling you truth?
When he said that the decision, out of 40 testimony of meeting finally concluded, with the decision that I should call on our Republican members in investigating subcommittee,
the Democrats members were not members with committee and point out to them that two problems which I had discussed in the attorney general's office,
and before you answer that, Mr. Secretary, you understand here is your chief legal counsel saying the decision.
The decision to bring the training to the members of the committee, the main decision in connection with the attempt to get us to call off the hearing on the loyalty board that had been clearing comments.
He said that the decision was made in the Justice Department with White House Aid's presence, with the attorney general presence,
and after the viewing presence.
I'm sure that any man who can add two and two Mr. Secretary will agree that that completely contradicts your statement that all decisions or the decisions of the Department of the Army are wrong.
I wonder if you want your sworn testimony this morning to stand up until they're not.
I want it to stand.
You say that I, and I say in the four other kind of a card, in another very, very long, I won't call it a question, I thought it's a speech.
I just made sure that you move and I can't remember all of it, but I do remember part of it, which I've covered before and I've just witnessed respect to the use of the word by Mr. Adam.
Something was concluded, and I say again that when you said honest, checklist, witness chair, say it today, to the first to kind of answer questions.
You may have easily used the wrong word, and my guess is that Mr. Adam probably used the wrong word, because I'm satisfied that his action was an independent one.
Mr. Steven, you complain about being on a stand day after day. We gave you a long vacation.
You should take a trip out to Montana and make speeches. You should be refreshed now so you business to be.
I'll resent that remark. I tell the truth. And I don't think the chairman ought to allow that kind of excitement to be made.
Well? Well?
Well, let's see if he can make it.
Let's see what it's going to be up on now.
The truth is, the falsity, the truth. Let's see what it's going to be up on now.
He covered him and told him to do some both days. If he had a mental lapse, then he can tell us that.
So, let's wait. They tell someone in the two days, all right?
I don't enjoy seeing the secretary from up here and trying to take himself on a roll.
What kind of dictum therapy is that?
How far?
How dictum therapy has, and we'll point out the contradiction. See whether, but are you set up and telling the truth, but your secretary in both days?
Are you listening to Carefully?
I believe that's the money of Steven, the first test of money.
One I have marked.
You both think we're not supposed to talk about the rest of the money marked, you're the first one to be in the president.
The carbon copy of Steven's by Mark Johnson.
If you look up, I read just to you, Mr. Secretary.
I wouldn't go over this again except you reasonable facts, and I told you that you couldn't be doing the truth.
Both times.
All right, let's see what the result is justified.
In the case of a bad memory, you can tell us if you were too tired of the time, you can tell us that.
Um...
Senator McCarthy, do you know whether you did or not?
Did a father important Mr. Secretary to know, and I'm reading from page 1458 to 61?
Did a father important Mr. Secretary to know how come on this particular night?
Well, apparently, we can see the idea for this American pan against my staff, and I'd like to know who originated and who talked to whom?
Secretary Steven, the April's originated from him or any other time which I very much dealt with, I have no knowledge of it, and I had nothing to do with it.
Senator McCarthy, you say...
I said, come, that was just you were really talking about, and I have no part of it.
First of all, you were absolutely right, so you had nothing to do with it.
First of all, if you say you had nothing to do with it, absolutely nothing to do with it.
If a dear friend had thrown him out of smear, and I had nothing to do with it, smear.
In other words, you were throwing you in absolutely nothing to do with it because I used the word smear.
That's the word you use, right?
It's a powerful word.
Let's go on a trip to the room.
The image is right, we'll have to run around the table, Mr. Dinkins.
Chair pastor, send us on my left.
Wow.
Send us on my right.
So, well, Mr. McCarthy, you may continue.
Now, the chair suggests that we have just about this 10 minutes left between now and the reset time
and hopes that the questions can be asked and the answer is contained in that 10 minutes.
And this is Sam and Mr. Dinkins.
This is somewhat out of character for this to well, but I would like to suggest that we continue.
I know we do conclude with a lecture called Not Share of the 10.
We will have to put up the 10 minutes to go to Senator's appointment after that 7 minutes.
Mr. Dinkins, look to chairman because we asked the chair to order the official order to type up all of the stuff that we've taken this morning
and get that to the earliest moment so we can put in the records the specific contradictions on the part of Mr. Stavon's contradictions and the stuff that we've taken today.
And I have available the answer to that.
We always can see the transcripts of the morning session before the afternoon session begins.
Very good. Thank you.
Mr. Clecifer, did you discuss with Mr. Adams the first that he had consulted with four newsmen on these charges before they were made available to any funders?
I think that was outside this.
Mr. Dinkins, please be a little bit better.
Mr. Welch is entirely correct.
You remember Senator's decision, Craig, is confined to the state of the secretary of May 19th.
And that is outside of the scope of his inquiry.
Now, for another matter, I would have liked to know if you further said that Mr. Steven would appear later as they generally said that we found this question made me properly asked.
I assume Mr. Dinkins did not get the import of the question.
My point is that I was headed on fire, but I'm not.
Those four newsmen who are jointly responsible for advice and thought, if you can testify on her oath that they have been associated with an enemy of mine, the other paper has been made.
The pharmacolum was that question would be offered.
Well, that's the plan when you put this thing.
Mr. Dinkins, I'd like to ask you now, whether or not you discussed with Mr. Adams.
In the fact that before he made these charges for their written up, while they were being written up, he just testimony it was for newsmen.
He just discussed that with me.
You asked me the other day for a better now, or this is repetitious again, but let's go into it.
You asked me all about this the other day, and I talked to Fright at Paul and the record, and if I may, I'd like to stand on those answers.
Well, you're testimony the other day, Mr. Steven's words, that he had only talked to an hour before, probably.
Since then, Mr. Adams has testified, and so did he.
He just does some matter with Mr. Hoover Bigger.
The New York paper?
He did. I didn't finish.
With Mr. Murray Murder, Mr. Phil Potter, and he just self-rightoffly took a trip with Mr. Al Fundley as a local daily work.
Now, my question is, did you discuss with him?
Why he had these conferences with individuals, all of whom's papers have consistently opposed any exposure of communism,
consistently opposed any investigating committees, and have consistently attacked the chairman of this committee?
Well, you're curious, no, why he felt there at length.
I don't believe he felt there, but we only do discuss them under witness.
I didn't know anything about it, so a long time afterwards, and we covered that in my testimony the other day, Senator.
Did you discuss the matter with Mr. Secretary?
And I know, but Mr. Adams would have told me if he had thought any advice.
I'm confident he did not.
Did you discuss the matter with Mr. Adams?
No, I didn't discuss the matter with Mr. Adams until a long time afterwards, which I covered with my testimony with you the other day.
But then you did discuss going along from afterwards?
I mean, he's following me a long time afterwards about Mr. Al Fundley.
I just testified on that, it's all in here somewhere, Senator.
Did he tell you about the other three?
I don't recall what he did, no. One name is the only thing I remember.
Would you say that he was violating his position here at Legal Counsel?
Yes, he discussed with foreign newsman, who is sworn, like that, to me, as testified he knew where enemies of mine, and consistently writing against me,
would you say he violated his trust to go to them and get advice?
And how does the press charge?
I don't believe he did go for him to go for it by his.
Did you ask him?
I have a misunderstanding, but they did not.
Did you ask him whether he got advice?
No, I didn't.
Did you ask him what Mr. Al Fundley was doing in his office, examining the files?
Have you seen Mr. Al Fundley's testimony?
No, I have not.
Don't you think that you should see it, Mr. Secretary?
That's right.
Is it available for me?
I have seen it.
Mr. Al Fundley has it.
Now, I understand your testimony, but you did not discuss with him his conversation with a bigger 20-body-on.
That's right.
Now, you said that you made suggestions for the preparation of the charges.
Who did you make the suggestion to?
I made them to Mr. Baum and Mr. Adams mentioned to.
No, I asked you this, Mr. Secretary.
If the suggestion came to Mr. Adams from a conference of White House aid in the Attorney General,
would you consider them in a nature of an order?
I would not.
Would you consider a suggestion by Sherman Adams in a nature of an order?
You know that Mr. Adams acted upon those suggestions?
I would, Mr. Adams, be talking about Senator.
Mr. John Adams.
Will you repeat the question?
You know that Mr. John Adams acted upon these suggestions of Mr. Sherman Adams.
Apparently, that's the charges we put in writing.
They go and buzz up the conference.
I don't know whether he did or not.
I know if I specified here this morning that he has a good lawyer.
He's put down some number and then got his phone together in the form of a file.
No.
You know what he did not do that as a good lawyer in the last three of the White House conference?
I didn't hear.
I said you know that as a good lawyer, as you say, he did not do that for the last of the White House conference.
There was no White House conference, but I know anything about it.
I mean the justice department, I'm sorry.
It's key about two or three days after that as I understand it, but it's down.
You know that as I was an independent action on his part as a result of a suggestion, probably.
An independent action as a result of a suggestion?
That's right.
Did you know that Mr. Rogers saw the human suggestion?
Did you see Senator McCollum?
I learned that later.
I came home from the fire.
Do you think that he went to see Mr. McCollum as an independent action immediately?
I do.
In other words, there was no connection between the two.
I'm sure Mr. Rogers would be the first to say that he wouldn't order Mr. Adams or Mayor or anyone else over there to do anything.
Mr. Secretary, you know that your legal counsel followed all the suggestions made about meeting.
You know that Mr. Rogers told him up and said, I'll make an appointment.
There was Senator McCollum.
The appointment was made.
Adams won the $1,600 McCollum.
Did you think that some millions of American people listening to you,
you want to know that as the Secretary of the Army say there was no connection?
But he just had that meeting over there and then made all the decisions himself.
It was a miracle incident.
But he started to prepare the charges.
Did the result of me hearing after the meeting?
Do you expect anyone to announce the brand to believe that?
Senator McCollum, I've been over and over and over on this subject with you.
And my attention is that Mr. Adams received certain suggestions.
They were not ordered.
And I'm sure that nobody that attended those meetings will say that they were ordered.
How many operated independentists?
How many suggestions I missed are Sherman Adams and any did you ever ignore?
What's that?
Did you ever ignore any suggestions from Sherman Adams?
I imagine I have.
Did you name one?
I think that's the only thing I can do.
I deal with the issue at hand if he had other suggestions than other matters and ignore it to my judgment.
It goes to the credibility of the witness.
He says that after this conference with Adams says that the decisions were made.
For some reason, other specifists says no decisions were made.
There's nothing to do with the substance and act.
In effect, though, the suggestions from the Justice Department were not considered in order.
I think it has these credibility.
I'd like to know of one thing in order.
The suggestions from Adams is...
Just forget it.
If John Adams had decided that he did not want to build a senator McCollum,
he would not have gone and nothing would have happened.
Did you ever ignore a suggestion made by Mr. Sherman Adams?
I thought I'd take a problem.
Did you think of one?
No.
Can't think of it.
Not.
It wouldn't be a positive point.
Bring it out.
It's a dangerous case.
Now, Mr. Secretary, are you familiar with the trial of your testimony?
I might withdraw that and say this.
You know that Mr. Adams thought with Mr. Joseph Alsofe,
a columnist who was consistently written articles on favor of also spending a McCarthy
and everybody else investigating communist.
You know that Mr. Adam Schrodinger out of his files and it's not a joke, don't you?
He told us about the other day.
I know that he told Mr. Alsofe, talk to him about it, just what he's...
Well, he's a bulletinist.
I don't know exactly what transpired.
I wasn't there.
You know what? You're taking Mr. Adams' work, don't you, sir?
I work.
What?
Well, Mr. Adams is dead.
That he showed Mr. Alsofe, I believe, his entire portfolio in the math.
Without a proper act?
If he's such a program, he undoubtedly did.
Was that a proper act, sir?
Was it a proper act?
Yes. To take Army Memoranda and Army files and hand them over to a newsman who is possible to
a Army Memoranda about a congressional committee and turn them over to a newsman
writing article possible throughout the committee.
We got it. In your opinion, the Secretary of the Army is proper act.
Well, first, first, I wouldn't do anything like that myself.
You was not.
That was expiring.
All time was expiring.
For the morning, we reached us until 2 p.m.
You have job personnel.
Where are your chiefs, underwaters?
Chair will start by advising our guests that we're happy to have you here.
As I get, attending the conduct of public business.
The Chair feels he should advise you as he has advised your predecessors,
who have listed the chambers, that you come here in conformity with a standing rule of this committee,
which is that there ought to be no manifestations of approval or disapproval of any kind at any time
on the part of any of the members of the audience.
The officers and the trained clothesmen in the audience have standing instructions from the committee
to immediately and politely remove from the room anybody at any time who violated those instructions,
because you will then have cancelled the agreement by which you came here as our guest.
The audience is a voneignificent.
We trust they will continue to be so.
The committee continues to appreciate the very splendid service rendered in that connection
by the officers who are in control of the decorum in the rear of the room.
I believe that F.D. Conclusion of the morning meetings,
Senator McCarthy and Mr. Cohn had just concluded a ten-minute period.
And with that conviction, I began by asking Council Jenkins whether he has any questions at this time.
Chairman, I have no further questions.
The Chair has none to any of my colleagues at my left have any questions at this time.
Chairman, I have received a copy of the White House,
specially for December 14, which probably should be included in the record.
The Marshal has been appropriated.
Give a number and include it in the record.
Any questions?
Well, questions at my left and any questions at my right?
If you vote, any questions?
No.
Senator McCarthy, I'm Mr. Cohn.
There's also a meeting with the record.
I'd like to see it in person on the news.
Copy of the White House release.
If there is another copy of the Jackson, you can send it down to the table.
I have one more copy.
Mr. Mani will bring you a copy.
Which one is it?
No.
That's the other release.
I mean, he wants the one that Mr. Jackson has just applied for the record.
Mr....
When it comes to the wealth and the community is coming in,
I wish he would pass it back to the table and we can pass it around with the committee members.
And the other comes.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman?
Yes, Mr. Vice.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Vice Chairman.
I'd like to welcome you to the record press.
I'd be definitely going to be going to the media.
This is a response to the request that I made this morning of Mr. Welp,
or whoever was produced.
Final immediate release, dated December 14, 1953,
C. Hager, the press secretary of the press, and the White House.
During the press conference, the General Assembly of the United Nations,
Ambassador Henry Cavillard in June here will serve here at the White House as special adviser to the President on the United Nations and other matters.
Ambassador Lodge will have an office in the executive office of the President.
He will, of course, continue his United Nations duty and will attend meetings of the security confl and any other sessions that might be held.
Very good.
Get your hands for you now, Mr. Cohn, and I'll send them a pass.
Mr. Chairman, I have just a very few questions to ask.
I frankly don't know until their answer, but they're not the...
will be pertinent to the circumscribed areas we're covering today.
For the Council of Chairman, may I say that I propose the announcement to Steven's about...
the conversations he's had with certain sunkers in regard to putting out the charges.
Until the answer comes, I won't know whether or not those conversations had to do with putting out the charges or whether they had to do something else.
Specifically, I propose to ask you about the two conversations that you had with sunker signings.
Now, lastly, I don't know any idea what it was discussed.
I don't know whether anything's useful in the charges or not.
I'm just like asking a few questions on that.
Okay, I'm going to have a minute of order.
I want to invite a vote.
I would like to say that the reason that the questions, the conversations that I had with Secretary Steven are known is because I told this committee that I had had several conversations.
The Secretary Steven, the adult from, as I remember, it's too busy with me.
One, when he came to CME, but with General Richway, he seemed the staff of the Army.